c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.pdb
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCMusicStore.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCMusicStore.pdb
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\dioza22\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCMusicStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\DIOZA22\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\DIOZA22\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\DIOZA22\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\DIOZA22\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\DIOZA22\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCMusicStore\MVCMusicStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.Security.Providers.dll
